====== fitdistrplus: TODO list ======

(order/numbers mean nothing)

=== short term ===
26. change the affectation and the use of argument discrete in order to be able to consider
    as dicrete other distributions than those defined in R (such as zero-inflated Poisson dist)

41. update vignette files and create vignette directory
    
=== long term ===

39. offer a function to do prior elicitation from quantiles

38. add the Wasserstein distance in mge and gofstat

19. Add other gof graphs and stats for fits on censored data (Turnbull, ...) and gof statistics for censored data
   computed from Turnbull CDF(partially done : Turnbull plot).

15. Enable to enter complete names of distributions as in fitdistr

32. add weights in optimization method, weighted MLE, weighted MME,?

33. test the use of a scaling matrix before the optimization if parameters are close to 0 and very (> 10^6)

40. multivariate distribution fitting, in particular copula fitting

42. add an argument analytical (default to FALSE) in order to compute MLE or MME by
an analytical formula (close-form) rather than by a numeric optimization. Then in MME for base distributions,
we could fit a two-parameter distribution on E(X) and E(X^2) rather than E(X) and Var(X) through
the memp argument. One could also consider limited expected values.

=== "recently" done or not planned for argumented reasons ===

1. Remove calls to options(digits) in the code
    done everywhere                                     

2. Change print.fitdist and print.fitdistcens in order to give an output ressembling to the one of fitdistr
    not planned because I prefer to use a more common presentation of parameters (one per row) with standard
    error in the same row, as in a lm summary for example. But I have added the standard error ofr mle estimations

4. Remove echo in mledist before submission to CRAN 
   done

5. Change fitdistcens and mledistcens in the same way as fitdist and mledist 
   done by gathering mledist and mledistcens
   and adding new examples with optim.function or custom function for censored data)

6. Split summary.fitdist and print.summary.fitdist which is too long in two parts : 
   summary and gof (for goodness-of-fit results)
   done with a new function named "gofstat" instead of gof because there is a package
   named gof.
   
8. Try not to cut the density plot
   done

10. Add an argument in descdist not to plot the Cullen and Frey graph as in boxplot
    done, an argument "graph" added

14. Add a part on how to change le algorithm used to maximize the likelihood in the vignette
    done

16. Examine how it is possible to replace plotdist by plot.fitdist 
(not so simple as plotdist was written also to plot an observed distribution,
but it could be be splitted in two parts)

9. Draw the observed point in color in descdist
    done, two arguments were added in descdist : "obs.col" and "boot.col"

7. Change plotdist to use plot(ecdf...)
    instead of that, I have slightly modified the writing of plotdist in order to 
    facilitate the personalization of plots using the argument "..." because we sometimes prefer
    to see only the observed values on the CDF plot, or a linear interpolation than a step function.
    
23. Make it possible, as in fitdistr, to fix some arguments of a density function while
    estimating the other ones. Not so easy to rapidly implement as it must be repercuted
    on all the functions that use the result of a fit.
    
13. Check the values in the data set for censored data to reject a left value greater than a right value
    
22. Add the example published in Busschaert 2010 in the vignette and 
    in the examples, maybe with the data set in the package (censored microbiological data)
    

20. Improve moment matching estimation with numerical optimization

21. Start quantile matching estimation

27. Add Cramer von Mises distance in gofstat, defining three functions CvM, AD and KS and add
    gofedist for goodness-of-fit estimation by minimising that three same functions
    
28. Start maximum goodness-of-fit estimation

29. allow the possibility to change the moment order in mmedist.

31. ... dots argument seem not to work for plotdistcens. Bug fixed, but not easy to use. It is better
to use the new function cdfcompcens to personalize such a graph.

24. gather bootdist and bootdistcens (after discussion we think that it is better to separate functions for
censored data from functions for non-censored data)

25. gather fitdist and fitdistcens, adding an output "cens" to facilitate the recognition of
    fits on censored data for plotting, gofstat ...
    NO, better to separate functions

34. Add argplot1, argplot2, argplot3 and argplot4  arguments for the four plots of plotdist
    NO, ABANDONED, TOO DIFFICULT. We prefer to define functions dedicated to produce nice plots (cdfcomp, qqcomp, denscomp)

11. Add a which argument to plotdist (be careful, only two plots are possible for
    discrete distributions or when there is only data in the arguments, so not so easy)
    NO, ABANDONED, TOO DIFFICULT. We prefer to define functions dedicated to produce nice plots (cdfcomp, qqcomp, denscomp)

18. Decide if it is possible and desirable to gather fitdist and fitdistcens
   for the moment we think it is not easy and not desirable (see point 25)

36. add an example for SSD and HCx in ecotox (done)

35. produce denscomp, ppcomp, qqcomp to produce nice plots in density or qqplot to compare fits
    of various distributions on the same dataset (functions built as cdfcomp and cdfcompcens)
  
28. add an echo argument useful for debugging or when the optimization does not converge. 
	(when error, print(opttryerror))

37. provide test files for all functions based on man page examples.

36. provide man page for denscomp, ppcomp, qqcomp.

3. put spaces before and after affectations (x <- 3) to make codes easier to read
    done at least in fitdist and mledist
 
12. Split summary.fitdist in two parts : summary.fitdist and print.summary.fitdist
    done for fitdist and fitdistcens but STILL TO DO for bootdist and bootdistcens

30. if fixed arguments are used,  add the fixed argument values in the result.
